Y
hi bikers and bikers we are in
lanzarote testing the new ducati
1200 distributed a new generation of
maxi trail that takes an important jump
qualitative in terms of technology
point to the third evolution of the
multistrada 1200 brings interesting
improvements in the main aspects
technicians perhaps the most relevant is the
premiere of the new testastretta dvd engine
acronym that refers to the double
varied distribution it is a
mechanism that regulates the distribution and
which is adjusted by pressure does with
he can vary the crossing time of
valves depending on the regime
ensuring that the draft without user
for the entire operating range of the
engine on the spot the most remarkable
is that the behavior has improved
low revolutions
one of the few criticisms that
they could put to previous versions
the new multistrada continues to offer
Four modes of operation though
with a new control unit more
modern and effective in sport modes and
touring the power is 160 horses and
the most powerful power delivery
being urban and enduro both with 100
horses most suitable for rhythms
moderate and off road in each mode enters
in play the traction control the anti
horseback and a new capable abs system
to work in full curve all of them
They are customizable with different
levels of action
the system looks active suspensions
of ss that has also been reviewed
speaking harden the hydraulics so much
of the fork as of the shock absorber
sachs in real time according to the
conditions of the march
the new multistrada is a maxi trail
of very sporty behavior although
this does not reduce effectiveness in the most
various scenarios is agile comfortable
tremendously funny
in new front not only makes it more
Aggressive offers greater protection
aerodynamic and as a novelty a new
led lighting system is activated
automatically a side light at the end
of the curve once again the multistrada
stands out from the competition contributing
new technical solutions some and
never before seen in the world of
two faces and that surely the
competition will take
something to keep in mind is that the 17
thousand 290 euros that the version costs
standard and the 10 thousand 740 euros of the s
makes it just rise in price with
compared to the previous version see you
The next
for